BD-2824: Merging duplicate users - New Feature (#6974)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/segments/user_profiles/duplicate_users.md

Enter a unique identifier, such as an email address or phone number, for the duplicate profile, then select **Search**.

![The "User Search" page in the Braze dashboard with an email entered in the search bar.]({% image_buster /assets/img/audience_management/duplicate_users/individual_merging/search_user.png %}){: style="max-width:60%;"}

### Step 2: Merge duplicates

To begin the merge process, select **Merge duplicates**.

![One of the duplicate user's profiles.]({% image_buster /assets/img/audience_management/duplicate_users/individual_merging/select_merge_duplicates.png %}){: style="max-width:55%;"}

Choose which user profile to keep and which to merge, then select **Merge profiles**. Repeat this process until you've merged all duplicate profiles.

![The individual merge page for a duplicate profile.]({% image_buster /assets/img/audience_management/duplicate_users/individual_merging/select_merge_profiles.png %}){: style="max-width:70%;"}

{% alert warning %}
Duplicate user profiles cannot be recovered after merging.
{% endalert %}

> ## Bulk merging

Reviewer: add a note that bulk merging is in early access and to contact your account manager for access

Enter a unique identifier, such as an email address or phone number, for the duplicate profile, then select **Search**.

![The "User Search" page in the Braze dashboard with an email entered in the search bar.]({% image_buster /assets/img/audience_management/duplicate_users/individual_merging/search_user.png %}){: style="max-width:60%;"}

### Step 2: Merge duplicates

To begin the merge process, select **Merge duplicates**.

![One of the duplicate user's profiles.]({% image_buster /assets/img/audience_management/duplicate_users/individual_merging/select_merge_duplicates.png %}){: style="max-width:55%;"}

Choose which user profile to keep and which to merge, then select **Merge profiles**. Repeat this process until you've merged all duplicate profiles.

![The individual merge page for a duplicate profile.]({% image_buster /assets/img/audience_management/duplicate_users/individual_merging/select_merge_profiles.png %}){: style="max-width:70%;"}

{% alert warning %}
Duplicate user profiles cannot be recovered after merging.
{% endalert %}

## Bulk merging

{% alert important %}

> This feature is currently in early access. If you'd like to participate, reach out to your customer success manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bulk merging duplicate users is currently in early access. Contact your Braze account manager if you’re interested in participating in the early access.
```

{% endalert %}

> When you bulk merge duplicate users, Braze finds profiles with matching identifiers (such as an email address) and merges all their data into the most recently updated profile with an `external_id`. If there's no profiles with an `external_id`, the most recently updated profile without an `external_id` will be used instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you bulk merge duplicate users, Braze finds profiles with matching identifiers (such as an email address) and merges all their data into the most recently updated profile with an `external_id`. If there are no profiles with an `external_id`, the most recently updated profile without an `external_id` will be used instead.
```

> When you bulk merge duplicate users, Braze finds profiles with matching identifiers (such as an email address) and merges all their data into the most recently updated profile with an `external_id`. If there's no profiles with an `external_id`, the most recently updated profile without an `external_id` will be used instead.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you bulk merge duplicate users, Braze finds profiles with matching identifiers (such as an email address) and merges all their data into the most recently updated profile with an `external_id`. If there aren't any profiles with an `external_id`, the most recently updated profile without an `external_id` will be used instead.
```

In the following example, Braze uses the user's external ID to flag duplicate profiles and identify which one to keep. If these profiles are bulk merged, Braze will use the profile with an external ID as the user's new primary profile. Now if that user logs in using a merged profile, Braze will update their new primary profile instead.

{% tabs local %}
{% tab example csv file %}
| Email Address        | External ID | Phone Number | Braze ID                 | Identifier for rule | Profile to keep | Profile to merge |
|----------------------|-------------|--------------|--------------------------|---------------------|-----------------|------------------|
| alex@company.com     |   A8i3mkd99          |      (555) 123-4567 | 65fcaa547f470494d1370 | email               | TRUE            | FALSE            |
| alex@company.com |  |      (555) 987-6543 | 65fcaa547f47d004d1348 | email               | FALSE           | TRUE             |
| alex@company.com |   |      (555) 321-0987 | 65fcaa547f47d0049135c | email               | FALSE           | TRUE             |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 .reset-td-br-3}
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

### Step 3: Merge your duplicates

> If you're satisfied with the results of your preview, select **Merge all duplicates**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you're satisfied with the results of your preview, select **Merge all duplicates**.
```
